Add docs for app wallets (#9098)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/wallet/README.md

cryptographically-derived *public key*.  A private key and its corresponding
public key are together known as a *keypair*.
A wallet is simply a way for a user to keep track of and manage
one or more keypairs.

The *public key* (commonly shortened to *pubkey*) is known as the wallet's
*receiving address* or simply its *address*.  The wallet address **may be shared
and displayed freely**.  When another party is going to send some amount of
cryptocurrency to a wallet, they need to know the wallet's receiving address.
Depending on a blockchain's implementation, the address can also be used to view
certain information about a wallet, such as viewing the balance,
but has no ability to change anything about the wallet or withdraw any tokens.

The *private key* is required to digitally sign any transactions to send
cryptocurrencies to another address or to make any changes to the wallet.
The private key **must never be shared**.  If someone gains access to the
private key to a wallet, they can withdraw all the tokens it contains.
If the private key for a wallet is lost, any tokens that have been sent
to that wallet's address are **permanently lost**.

> Different wallet solutions are available to manage the compromise between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different wallet solutions are available to manage the trade offs between
```

securely storing and backing up the private key and providing a convenient way
to interact with the keypair and sign transactions to use/spend the tokens.

Some wallets are easier to use than others.  Some are more secure than others.

> Multiple types of wallets support Solana from which users can choose.

Reviewer 2: Suggest: "Different wallet solutions offer different approaches to keypair security and interacting with the keypair and sign transactions to use/spend the tokens. Some are easier to use than others. Some store and back up private keys more securely. Solana supports multiple types of wallets so you can choose the right balance of security and convenience."

**If you want to be able to receive SOL tokens on the Solana blockchain,
you first will need to create a wallet.**

## Supported Wallets
Solana is supported by multiple third-party app wallets and also supports a

> native command-line wallet.

Reviewer 2: Instead of "supports a native command-line wallet" -> "supports several types of wallets in the Solana native command-line app"
